I all up in China during China's
Cultural Revolution
Moving's and their lives destroyed their
reputation wound
my father was one of those people
I came to the u.s. to provide a better
life for Lisa it's looking at her and
feeling the disconnection between us I
sometimes wonder if I did the right
thing more you try to pour something the
more it doesn't work like you can't
force this kind of stuff you want to say
that hardship where I come from you
don't want her to forget that I have
this responsibility I feel and I feel
feeding the dreams and the expectations
of the whole generation and somehow by
knowing where these people come from and
you know their backstories like they
become real people and I just I'm not
sure if I wanted that
I grew up with a mulberry tree in the
backyard
I watched it as a child how it survived
the cold winter
and each spring it came back to life
I wish I could let myself go I could
express my feelings to her
I am proud of her
Magnusson no matter would storm comes
don't break you must be strong like the
Marvel true